privacy-policy.md, before:

### Effective Date: December 20, 2017

Thank you for choosing and trusting Jakcodex/Muledump. Traditionally no information at all has been collected and with the introduction of Usage Analytics we want to be absolutely clear about what it means for you.

## Short version

Absolutely no account data, email addresses, IP addresses, or any other personally identifiable information is stored or made available to anybody working with the Jakcodex/Muledump project.  

#### Muledump Local

This version collects absolutely no data and is ineligible to participate in Usage Analytics.

#### Muledump Online

This version is eligible to participate in Usage Analytics which can be disabled in the [Settings Manager](https://jakcodex.github.io/muledump/muledump.html#settings-ga).

#### Muledump CORS Adapter

The Chrome web store extension does not collect any usage analytics or any other sort of data.

## About Usage Analytics in Jakcodex/Muledump

Usage Analytics is an optional feature that utilizes Google Analytics to get an overall view of how many users are using Muledump Online, the features in use, and errors encountered. 

This information can be used to see how features are being used, where to focus new development, advance notice on new errors users are encountering, and can otherwise help improve Muledump.

You can control the types of data collected in the [Settings Manager](https://jakcodex.github.io/muledump/muledump.html#settings-none-system).

## What information is collected by Jakcodex/Muledump

The following types of information can be collected by Usage Analytics:

1. Pageviews for all pages within the application
2. The types and locations of errors encountered
3. The options and features in use
4. Total number of accounts and groups configured

## What information is *not* collected by Jakcodex/Muledump

1. Your IP address
2. Your account information (email addresses, guids, passwords, etc)
3. Your system information

## How collected information is stored

Usage Analytics utilizes the Google Analytics service for tracking website activity. The information collected by Google Analytics and how it is used can be found in their [Terms of Service](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html).

All collected information is processed and anonymized. Once available for display it cannot be used to identify you.

Commit message:

Muledump v9.3.0 - Totals Management, many new filters, sorting modes, and more

privacy-policy.md, after:

### Effective Date: December 20, 2017

Thank you for choosing and trusting Jakcodex/Muledump. Traditionally no information at all has been collected and with the introduction of Usage Analytics we want to be absolutely clear about what it means for you.

## Short version

Absolutely no account data, email addresses, IP addresses, or any other personally identifiable information is stored or made available to anybody working with the Jakcodex/Muledump project.  

#### Muledump Local

This version collects absolutely no data and is ineligible to participate in Usage Analytics.

#### Muledump Online

This version is eligible to participate in Usage Analytics which can be disabled in the [Settings Manager](https://jakcodex.github.io/muledump/muledump.html#settings-ga).

#### Muledump CORS Adapter

The Chrome web store extension does not collect any usage analytics or any other sort of data.

## About Usage Analytics in Jakcodex/Muledump

Usage Analytics is an optional feature that utilizes Google Analytics to get an overall view of how many users are using Muledump Online, the features in use, and errors encountered. 

This information can be used to see how features are being used, where to focus new development, advance notice on new errors users are encountering, and can otherwise help improve Muledump.

You can control the types of data collected in the [Settings Manager](https://jakcodex.github.io/muledump/muledump.html#settings-none-system).

## What information is collected by Jakcodex/Muledump

The following types of information can be collected by Usage Analytics:

1. Pageviews for all pages within the application
2. The types and locations of errors encountered
3. The options and features in use
4. Account rank

## What information is *not* collected by Jakcodex/Muledump

1. Your IP address
2. Your account information (email addresses, guids, passwords, etc)
3. Your identifying system information

## How collected information is stored

Usage Analytics utilizes the Google Analytics service for tracking website activity. The information collected by Google Analytics and how it is used can be found in their [Terms of Service](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html).

All collected information is processed and anonymized. Once available for display it cannot be used to identify you.

#### Google Analytics Opt-Out

Google Analytics provides a tool to opt-out of some or all of their analytics tracking. Visit [GA Opt-Out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) for more information.
